# User Scenarios
## Memory Tile Survey Group

* Nancy Pantsy is a middle-aged woman who owns over 10 cats in her studio apartment. Needless to say, she doesn’t have that many friends at her disposal. She owns many different devices and is always finding herself staring down at her phone at various locations, including the bus stop and in the checkout lane at the grocery store. She is looking to get out of the box soon and venture out to find more friends, but right now she’s looking to get a confidence boost and enhance her social skills before doing so. She is a contractor accountant for hire and she loves to balance out checkbooks by finding missing funds and creating lucrative budgets.

* Mr. Fred McFeely Rogers is an elderly gentleman who has read many articles about how age affects memory and would like to play memory games to exercise his memory. He comes from a small town where he frequently takes walks and sits in the park to play with this newfangled “phablet” that his well-meaning granddaughter gave him for Christmas. He likes to play chess on it and is grateful that his current chess app has clear bright images for easy visual accessibility. His granddaughter has suggested that he try to find something for his memory.

* Jennifer is a mom who is planning to home school her 6 year old son Tony. Tony seems be distracted all the time and he finds it hard to concentrate. She is a working mom and cannot spend a lot of time engaging in teaching. She looking for tools to help her coach her son. She would like a engaging game that would help improve his memory. Something fun and colorful so that the 6 year old does not lose interest. A memory tile game that could be a great workout for his gray cells.

* Crazy Eddie is a mad scientist bent on world domination.  He’s created an elaborated machine of death in order to carry this out, but he’s worried about heroes infiltrating his base and defeating his goons and overriding his controls at the last minute.  Ergo, he wants to leave his controls unlabeled, in order to prevent the heroes from knowing what they do.  But he needs to make sure that he and his trusted goons know which button does what.  Therefore, he needs a tool to help them remember which buttons do what based on position alone.  Different buttons should have different effects.

* Bebop and Rocksteady are two fighters having a heated argument over a noodle incident from back in college.  Both of them remember the story very differently, setting themselves up as the hero and the other person as plucky comic relief.  The normal inclination is to settle this dispute via combat, but combat on it’s own would not prove a better memory.  If only there was a way to have a competitive combative arena where memory was the main decider…
